- [ ] I’d have Chinese ppl, Indian ppl, etc., ppl who don’t speak those languages feel excluded and might feel like the ppl who speak in those languages are speaking I’ll of them behind their backs. Even more importantly, I think  I felt alienated or like I was missing out of the fun or like I can’t just randomly join conversations because I don’t have similar culture as them. I’ve found that ppl group towards each other who speak the same language or are similar (values, situation, etc.). I think it would be cool if companies would offer courses in Chinese. Would be a great way for ppl from different departments to get to know each other. 
- [ ] Often times, You become the job. Instead, the job should be a part of us, not us. Meaning, you should still retain your sense of identity within your job function, I guess making you unique. Now you’ve told me about your job. what part of you did you merge with your job to make your position and why does it work well with your job? Idk I’m trying to chatgpt this as well…li ke what is a core belief/philosophy that you live by in your personal life that you implemented (merged) with your profession? No
- [ ] Videos and shit should be more rap/hip hop. They always be using that fuckin piano music or overused hype music. I want something with more color and that shows the culture of our company 
- [ ] Tell app ur traveling something and it makes sure u have everything booked. A personal finance assistant. For all your needs. It will create a bank account for you, it will make sure u have a credit card with no transaction fees and set up everything for you. You won’t have to do SHIT. That’s the vision. 
- [ ] Hiring practices that limit diversity are detrimental to the organization (IQ tests, etc.)